---
layout: default
title: outages at 2018-11-08 16:55:00 -0500 and 2018-11-08 19:30:00 -0500
incident: 2018-11-08-01
---

Starting at 2018-11-08 16:55:00 -0500, a production change was made to use CloudFront to serve the web UI front end code (particularly, the stuff under /packs). Unfortunately, the necessary magic to make cross-origin resource sharing (CORS) work was not configured on CloudFront. This resulted in members seeing a plain grey screen instead of the familiar web UI.

By 21:00, the proper configuration was in place, and most vulpine.club members should have been able to load the site properly.

At 21:40, a fresh build was deployed to invalidate references to possibly-broken cached files, and everything should be back to normal now.

tl;dr: I forgot to tell CloudFront to respect the `Origin` header and handle the `OPTIONS` method, and that made random parts of the web UI glitch out until it totally broke after a few hours. I hate computers.

## 2018-11-08 16:55:00 -0500

- 16:55 - deployed `prod-20181108-01` (`6bdfc5f759ab`)

- 17:00 - reverted to `prod-20181105-01` (`8ed6832fba82`); URL was mis-specified in the configuration.  doing a rebuild with a hotfix'd Dockerfile.

- 17:25 - re-deploying `prod-20181108-01` (`a247d59d6d7d`)

- 17:30 - okay this looks good.  resolving!

- 19:20 - observed that the placeholder avatar/header were not loading on public pages, because /avatars and /headers were not set up on the CloudFront side.  fixed about ten minutes later.

## 2018-11-08 19:30:00 -0500

- 19:30 - re-opening outage because of reports of multiple folks getting greyscreen on the web UI

- 19:38 - why i didn't notice everything being broken: `<rey> oh the fucking “What’s New” tab was hiding the console in chrome`

- 19:40 - determined that the problem was CORS

- 19:55 - brief full-system outage (all containers) because of unclear documentation on a Docker command-line argument... oops

- 20:15 - rollback build started... the image without `CDN_HOST` had been expired so it had to be rebuilt.  (narrator voice: she never actually remembered to deploy this image.)

- 20:30 - workaround in place to force things to work by injecting `Options: urmom` at the front-end proxy; cache invalidations begin

- 21:00 - CloudFront reconfigured to properly handle `OPTIONS` requests, the `Origin` header, and the `__uncache` invalidation parameter. props to @bea@glitch.social for the tips.

- 21:10 - i totally forgot to actually do the rollback to `807027078c54`

- 21:12 - a brief glimpse into our ops backchannel...
  - `<rey> wait did i not deploy the rollback build`
  - `<rey> oh my god why am i doing this while high`
  - `<tastymochafox> cuz who isnt high in 2018`
  - `<rey> a point of valid`

- 21:40 - deployed a rebuilt `prod-20181108-02` image (`b6de4a35a2d2`) to force an invalidation

- 21:45 - looks better.  i am monitoring.
