blocklist.md, before:

---
layout: default
---

## vulpine.club instance blocklist

- Last updated: 2018-09-10
- [Edit history for this document](https://github.com/vulpineclub/vulpineclub.github.io/commits/master/blocklist.md)
- Some explanatory links require being logged into vulpine.club to view

Domain                  | Severity          | Date          | Why
------                  | --------          | ----          | ---
`shitposter.club`       | suspend           |               | haven for harassment
`freezepeach.xyz`       | suspend           |               | haven for harassment
`sealion.club`          | suspend           |               | haven for harassment
`noagendasocial.com`    | suspend           |               | podcast dudebro brigade, no CoC, admin violations of our CoC
`pl.smuglo.li`          | silence/nomedia   |               | freeze peach haven
`p2px.me`               | silence           | unknown       | asshat ratio too high
`niu.moe`               | silence           | unknown       | asshat ratio too high
`counter.social`        | suspend           | unknown       | yeah how about no
`2.distsn.org`          | suspend           | 2018-01-01    | [runs a bot that scrapes user data](https://vulpine.club/@mxsparks_afterlight/99274660598169903)
`masto.quad.moe`        | suspend           | 2018-01-07    | [asshat/racist ratio too high (including admin previously banned from m.s)](https://vulpine.club/@mxsparks_afterlight/99311739060004510)
`baraag.net`            | silence/nomedia   | 2018-02-28    | [permits posting of artwork which is not legal in vulpine.club's legal jurisdiction](https://vulpine.club/@rey/99604671628655129)
`gay.nsfw.onl`          | silence/nomedia   | 2018-05-06    | untagged porn w/ public visibility
`pleroma.rareome.ga`    | suspend           | 2018-06-06    | [instance does not honor blocks or privacy settings](https://vulpine.club/@rey/100160366521490428)
`mastodon.macsnet.cz`   | silence           | 2018-08-29    | [CoC violations by instance admin](https://vulpine.club/@mxsparks_afterlight/100636565192006998)
`melalandia.tk`         | suspend           | 2018-09-01    | [untagged loli porn w/ public visibility; freezepeach instance](https://vulpine.club/@rey/100653845596498076)
`weeaboo.space`         | suspend           | 2018-09-02    | [successor instance to masto.quad.moe (see above)](https://vulpine.club/@mxsparks_afterlight/100656813050141179)
`bofa.lol`              | suspend           | 2018-09-03    | [targeted harassment by admin](https://vulpine.club/@rey/100663007506556036)
`raki.social`           | suspend           | 2018-09-06    | [followbots / data mining](https://vulpine.club/@rey/100681277977536254)
`pawoo.net`             | nomedia           | 2018-09-09    | [permits posting of artwork that violates vulpine.club's ToS](https://vulpine.club/@mxsparks_afterlight/100697966306007701)
`freespeech.firedragonstudios.com` | suspend | 2018-09-12   | [freezepeach instance; CoC violations by instance admin](https://vulpine.club/@mxsparks_afterlight/100713513538253967)

### Severity legend

<dl>
    <dt>nomedia</dt>
    <dd>
        Media files from the server are not stored and therefore not displayed. Can be coupled with the 'silence' severity.
    </dd>
    <dt>silence</dt>
    <dd>
        Accounts from the server can still be found, followed and interacted with, however, toots from the server do not appear in the public timelines, and notifications don't reach local users unless that user follows the author.
    </dd>
    <dt>suspend</dt>
    <dd>
        No content from the server is stored or displayed, no communication with the server is possible.
    </dd>
</dl>

### Common shorthand

<dl>
    <dt>asshat ratio too high</dt>
    <dd>
        This is typically used to denote an instance that is overwhelming the federated timeline with a lot of low-quality posts. This is usually a temporary condition.
    </dd>
    <dt>ban/block evasion</dt>
    <dd>
        Instances that apparently exist because the admin has been banned from too many other instances, or blocked by too many users. Generally applied to single-user or very small instances.
    </dd>
    <dt>data mining</dt>
    <dd>
        Intent to "collect all the posts" and create searchable collections for data mining, either explicit or clearly apparent. This is normally facilitated with <strong>followbots</strong>.
    </dd>
    <dt>followbots</dt>
    <dd>
        Accounts which are following a very large number of accounts across multiple instances. We will typically suspend these accounts individually when reported.
    </dd>
    <dt>freezepeach</dt>
    <dd>
        A prioritization of free speech above all. This is neither <a href="https://www.law.cornell.edu/constitution/first_amendment">required or even recommended by the US Constitution</a> nor is it condusive to healthy online communities, as it tends to create environments where shock value, drummed-up outrage, and sheer posting volume are the only ways to be heard.
    </dd>
    <dt>harassment</dt>
    <dd>
        An instance where targetted harassment is known to originate, and where the moderators turn a blind eye to it. Often related to <strong>freezepeach</strong>.
    </dd>
    <dt>illegal images</dt>
    <dd>
        Child pornography, including "simulated" child pornography. Typically, this is applied to instances known to post artwork with sexualized minors.
    </dd>
    <dt>untagged porn</dt>
    <dd>
        An instance which originates pornographic/adult/NSFW material without proper content warnings, visibility restrictions, etc.
    </dd>
</dl>

Commit message:

blocklist: formatting tweaks, update information

blocklist.md, after:

---
layout: default
---

## vulpine.club instance blocklist

- [Edit history for this document](https://github.com/vulpineclub/vulpineclub.github.io/commits/master/blocklist.md). Last updated:
  2018-09-10
- You may need to be logged into vulpine.club to view some of the "Why" links.
- We generally do not use external blocklists. However, [dzuk's blocklist](https://github.com/dzuk-mutant/blockchain/) contains a lot of evidence and background information.

Domain                  | Severity          | Date          | Why
------                  | --------          | ----          | ---
`shitposter.club`       | suspend           | unknown       | haven for harassment
`freezepeach.xyz`       | suspend           | unknown       | haven for harassment
`sealion.club`          | suspend           | unknown       | haven for harassment
`noagendasocial.com`    | suspend           | 2017-04-16    | [podcast dudebro brigade, no CoC, admin violations of our CoC](https://vulpine.club/@rey/87813)
`pl.smuglo.li`          | silence/nomedia   | unknown       | freeze peach haven
`p2px.me`               | silence           | unknown       | asshat ratio too high
`niu.moe`               | silence           | unknown       | asshat ratio too high
`counter.social`        | suspend           | unknown       | respecting their desire to have a safe space for <span title="White, Christian, Straight, and Pure of Foreign Influence">True Americans</span>. [dzuk link](https://github.com/dzuk-mutant/blockchain/blob/master/list/instances/counter_social/counter_social.md)
`2.distsn.org`          | suspend           | 2018-01-01    | [runs a bot that scrapes user data](https://vulpine.club/@mxsparks_afterlight/99274660598169903)
`masto.quad.moe`        | suspend           | 2018-01-07    | [asshat/racist ratio too high (including admin previously banned from m.s)](https://vulpine.club/@mxsparks_afterlight/99311739060004510)
`baraag.net`            | silence/nomedia   | 2018-02-28    | [permits posting of artwork which is not legal in vulpine.club's legal jurisdiction](https://vulpine.club/@rey/99604671628655129)
`gay.nsfw.onl`          | silence/nomedia   | 2018-05-06    | untagged porn w/ public visibility
`pleroma.rareome.ga`    | suspend           | 2018-06-06    | [instance does not honor blocks or privacy settings](https://vulpine.club/@rey/100160366521490428)
`mastodon.macsnet.cz`   | silence           | 2018-08-29    | [CoC violations by instance admin](https://vulpine.club/@mxsparks_afterlight/100636565192006998)
`melalandia.tk`         | suspend           | 2018-09-01    | [untagged loli porn w/ public visibility; freezepeach instance](https://vulpine.club/@rey/100653845596498076)
`weeaboo.space`         | suspend           | 2018-09-02    | [successor instance to masto.quad.moe (see above)](https://vulpine.club/@mxsparks_afterlight/100656813050141179)
`bofa.lol`              | suspend           | 2018-09-03    | [targeted harassment by admin](https://vulpine.club/@rey/100663007506556036)
`raki.social`           | suspend           | 2018-09-06    | [followbots / data mining](https://vulpine.club/@rey/100681277977536254)
`pawoo.net`             | nomedia           | 2018-09-09    | [permits posting of artwork that violates vulpine.club's ToS](https://vulpine.club/@mxsparks_afterlight/100697966306007701)
`freespeech.firedragonstudios.com` | suspend | 2018-09-12   | [freezepeach instance; CoC violations by instance admin](https://vulpine.club/@mxsparks_afterlight/100713513538253967)

### Severity legend

<dl>
    <dt>nomedia</dt>
    <dd>
        Media files from the server are not stored and therefore not displayed. Can be coupled with the 'silence' severity.
    </dd>
    <dt>silence</dt>
    <dd>
        Accounts from the server can still be found, followed and interacted with, however, toots from the server do not appear in the public timelines, and notifications don't reach local users unless that user follows the author.
    </dd>
    <dt>suspend</dt>
    <dd>
        No content from the server is stored or displayed, no communication with the server is possible.
    </dd>
</dl>

### Common shorthand

<dl>
    <dt>asshat ratio too high</dt>
    <dd>
        This is typically used to denote an instance that is overwhelming the federated timeline with a lot of low-quality posts. This is usually a temporary condition.
    </dd>
    <dt>ban/block evasion</dt>
    <dd>
        Instances that apparently exist because the admin has been banned from too many other instances, or blocked by too many users. Generally applied to single-user or very small instances.
    </dd>
    <dt>data mining</dt>
    <dd>
        Intent to "collect all the posts" and create searchable collections for data mining, either explicit or clearly apparent. This is normally facilitated with <strong>followbots</strong>.
    </dd>
    <dt>followbots</dt>
    <dd>
        Accounts which are following a very large number of accounts across multiple instances. We will typically suspend these accounts individually when reported.
    </dd>
    <dt>freezepeach</dt>
    <dd>
        A prioritization of free speech above all. This is neither <a href="https://www.law.cornell.edu/constitution/first_amendment">required or even recommended by the US Constitution</a> nor is it condusive to healthy online communities, as it tends to create environments where shock value, drummed-up outrage, and sheer posting volume are the only ways to be heard.
    </dd>
    <dt>harassment</dt>
    <dd>
        An instance where targetted harassment is known to originate, and where the moderators turn a blind eye to it. Often related to <strong>freezepeach</strong>.
    </dd>
    <dt>illegal images</dt>
    <dd>
        Child pornography, including "simulated" child pornography. Typically, this is applied to instances known to post artwork with sexualized minors.
    </dd>
    <dt>untagged porn</dt>
    <dd>
        An instance which originates pornographic/adult/NSFW material without proper content warnings, visibility restrictions, etc.
    </dd>
</dl>
