financial/index.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: financial information
---

# Financial information

This page details some of the financials of vulpine.club.

## Expenses Overview

As of September 23, 2018, the forecasted operational expenses for vulpine.club are about $1200/yr, or $100/mo.

- Namecheap: $11/yr
  - vulpine.club domain registration: $11/yr
- Linode: $50/mo -> $600/yr
  - Server (Linode 8GB): $40/mo
  - Backup Service: $10/mo
- Amazon Web Services: $48/mo -> $576/yr (estimate as of 2018-09-23)
  - S3: $12/mo
  - CloudFront: $36/mo
- Mailgun: $0/mo
  - First 10,000 e-mails per month are free
  - E-mails: 1700/mo
- Offsite backups: $0
  - Hourly rsync to a file server hosted in my apartment :)
  - Server backups: 82 GB
  - Media backups: 64 GB

## Actual Expenses

- 2018
  - 01
    - AWS: $9.61
    - Linode: $25.00
  - 02
    - AWS: $7.51
    - Linode: $25.00
  - 03
    - AWS: $10.89
    - Linode: $29.09
  - 04
    - AWS: $12.72
    - Linode: $25.00
  - 05
    - AWS: $12.34
    - Linode: $25.00
  - 06
    - AWS: $13.67
    - Linode: $25.00
  - 07
    - AWS: $13.07
    - Linode: $25.00
  - 08
    - A sudden and significant increase in traffic, both local and fediverse-wide, occurred in mid-August and roughly doubled our baseline operational expenses.
    - AWS: $44.55
    - Linode: $39.90

## Income Overview

- Patreon
- Rey

Commit message:

financial information: point at OpenCollective

financial/index.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: financial information
---

# Financial information

This page details some of the financials of vulpine.club.

**This information is out-of-date**: Please see https://opencollective.com/vulpineclub for more up-to-date information!

## Expenses Overview

As of September 23, 2018, the forecasted operational expenses for vulpine.club are about $1200/yr, or $100/mo.

- Namecheap: $11/yr
  - vulpine.club domain registration: $11/yr
- Linode: $50/mo -> $600/yr
  - Server (Linode 8GB): $40/mo
  - Backup Service: $10/mo
- Amazon Web Services: $48/mo -> $576/yr (estimate as of 2018-09-23)
  - S3: $12/mo
  - CloudFront: $36/mo
- Mailgun: $0/mo
  - First 10,000 e-mails per month are free
  - E-mails: 1700/mo
- Offsite backups: $0
  - Hourly rsync to a file server hosted in my apartment :)
  - Server backups: 82 GB
  - Media backups: 64 GB

## Actual Expenses

- 2018
  - 01
    - AWS: $9.61
    - Linode: $25.00
  - 02
    - AWS: $7.51
    - Linode: $25.00
  - 03
    - AWS: $10.89
    - Linode: $29.09
  - 04
    - AWS: $12.72
    - Linode: $25.00
  - 05
    - AWS: $12.34
    - Linode: $25.00
  - 06
    - AWS: $13.67
    - Linode: $25.00
  - 07
    - AWS: $13.07
    - Linode: $25.00
  - 08
    - A sudden and significant increase in traffic, both local and fediverse-wide, occurred in mid-August and roughly doubled our baseline operational expenses.
    - AWS: $44.55
    - Linode: $39.90

## Income Overview

- Patreon
- Rey
